"So let me get this straight," Captain Larkson's voice boomed over the
communication channel. The directors from each of the colonies and the
captains of each of the colony ships were holding a briefing. "Our ships will
be in orbit and ready to deploy in less than thirty days and you're telling me
that you don't have food supplies!"

Director Goliss winced at the captain's harsh tone. While Larkson was the
captain of just one of the ships, his strong personality had lead him to
assume the de facto role of fleet commander -- even though there really wasn't
any such role. The other captains did seem content to let him speak for them.

"That is simply unacceptable. I've got over twenty thousand tired and restless
citizens on this ship and they are READY to get planetside." He paused and
made an effort to contain himself. "So just what have you been doing these
last few months?"

Director Surfolk, from Alabama started to speak up and Larkson cut him
off. "You know what? I don't want to hear it. As I see it, you don't have an
option. You get food production working or your going to be responsible for
thousands of dead colonists." With a rough hand gesture Larkson cut the
line. Meeting over.

Director Goliss sat back. What a jerk. But what a correct jerk. It was a
problem and they didn't have a solution. All of the planning and never ending
work for the last nine months. It was going to come down to a failure. Just
then her phone rang. She looked at the display. It was Steve Perry-Thompson
from Journey.

"Hello," she said. "That was interesting."

"Yeah, no kidding," the other director answered. "But I've got some good news
for you. Maybe."

"Go on"

"It's been on the news web that you've got a crack programmer over there on
Bon Jovi. Well, my food team recently had a breakthrough. I think that if you
get your programmer over here with my team, we can find a solution!"

Director Goliss sat forward in her chair. "Are you serious?"

"Yeah, I don't want to get our hopes up too high. But it's worth a shot. How
soon can you get here?"

"We'll be there in a few hours!"

"Awesome." Steve smiled over the video channel. "You know, here at Journey we
have a saying..." Before Goliss could stop him he continued. "Don't stop
believing!"

Goliss groaned and smiled. "Whatever. We'll see you soon." She hit the
disconnect button and immediately called Paul.

As soon Paul's phone rang, he recognized the director calling. A jolt of
nerves ran through his system but he answered anyway. "Hello?"

"Hello. I'm sure you're aware of our food problem?" The director's voice was,
as always, precise and to the point.

"Uhm, yeah. I think we all are."

"It turns out that Journey has an idea and they need a hot shot programmer to
help them. So I'm taking you. Meet me in the hanger in 10 minutes."

"Ok"

Paul hung up the phone with a mixture of exhiliration and dread. He grabbed a
small duffle bag of stuff and headed to the hanger. The director met him there
and they immediately boarded one of the colony to colony transports. The ride
was quick. And Director Perry-Thompson met the two of them as soon as they
stepped off the transport. "So glad you could make it. Let's head to food
sciences right away."

After two hour briefing it was clear what was needed. The food scientists had
developed several fast growing strains of some of the most common foods. What
they lacked was the proper automation infrastructure to manage the planting
and harvesting. They needed Paul to rewrite and upgrade their automation
systems. In particular, it needed to be highly efficient and fast. 

Everyone left the briefing with a glimmer of hope. This just might work and
just might save the colonies.



