The drop ships started arriving earlier that morning. As fast as they could be
unloaded, they returned back up to the orbiting colony transports to pick up
another bunch of passengers. The director said it would take all day to get
all the colonists planetside. Even now, a few hours after the first ship had
arrived, there were already a few thousand new people bustling around Bon
Jovi.

Walking into the area that had served as the cafeteria, hangout place, and
meeting room for the last several months, Paul saw that most of the rest of
the prep team was there too. Everyone was watching the monitors that were
setup in the landing bays. It was bittersweet to see the colonists step out of
the transport and take their first steps in their new home. On the one hand,
it was satisfying to see them look in admiration at the home that the prep
team had created. But on the otherhand, there were going to be a lot more
people and the comraderie and family atmosphere would be replaced with the
activity of a city.

Director Goliss entered, "Well everyone. We did it." She clapped her hands in
silent applause. "There were times when I was really concerned but you guys
made it work." She looked for Paul. Catching his eye she added, "Especially
our software team. If it wasn't for you, we would have failed. No doubt."
There were appreciative nods from around the room. Bryce flashed Paul a hang
loose sign and smiled.

Large bay windows looked out over the complex of roads and habitats that
formed the city part of Bon Jovi. Dozens of automated cars scuttled up and
down the roads delivering the families to thier assigned homes. Despite the
lack of an atmosphere, the phrase "excitement in the air" still applied. From
time to time Paul spotted the passengers in a car. Eeveryone was looking
around in awe, smiling and laughing. He even noticed that some cars were
heading to the recreation center.

The director made her way around the room congratulating each person
individually then she started to leave. As she got to the door her phone rang
and she answered it. The shock in her voice spread through the room almost
instantly and everyone turned to her.

"What? You're kidding!" her eyes were wide and her face was pale. She listened
to the voice on the other end of the line while everyone watched her. Her hand
was trembling. The monitors and bay windows were forgotten as everyone could
tell there was something wrong. Very wrong.

"We'll get right on it," she replied and slowly hung up the phone. She looked
at the prep team with a somber face. "The Boston colony ship just
crashed. They only got 25% of their passengers unloaded and then the ship just
nose-dived onto the surface." She could barely repeat the
information. "They're going to need all our help over there." She pointed at
Paul and a few other of the scientists and engineers. "Meet me at the hanger
in 5 minutes!"

With that she turned and rushed out the door.



